and now we have experienced a msn logo throughout its history but the related mysteries
sea ​​monsters are not over here we will have and the surprises of the images
surprising between
we will also deal with this topic with the 2 guests a maximum polidoro friend
national secretary sica adobe acrobat reader sat
and lorenzo rossi cry. only with you will soon be explained what it is
question immediately to start exists sea monsters
cronentero
however other surf can still exist animals
the discovery is never to know eyewitness version may look like gods
monsters
possibility but we are and now
maybe I have to say text and things that I would like very much
black corsair and we too are curious to know how it ends we go
forward
and what to say about the first different photo than a rabbit
let's look more carefully
perfecting the focus, here appear confirming not a few suspicions
the head of a handsome retriever who does what he does best
comes with a stick
if you look at the photos without anyone telling you, here are the images of the loch monster
ness up
you would never think that they are the photos of a monster stylists who are just the
very bad blurry photos with a certain subject, certainly not a giant reptile
from a scientific point of view the existence of such a large predator
in a relatively small lake it does not play in its favor
under observation for over 75 years for what reason has never been shown
a search with sonar lasting more than five years did not give any results and
some of the most strenuous admirers believe that his species is
now extinct species of which he was the last represented
but even if placed it should lie forever somewhere on the bottom of
this spectacular lake the fairy tale of lake monsters is just beginning
we are crossing the great North American basin headed for the Canary Lake
in british columbia in canada
while put can not boast that a dozen sightings and a handful
of photo the alleged monster that inhabits this lake has been sighted hundreds
of times
and even immortalized in a video
more extensive and deeper than lochness up, can agame is a refuge
perfect for yours
play works for the police on horseback in Canada author of the book in the domain of
monsters of the lake collected hundreds of official sightings but above all it is
a firm believer in the existence of a mysterious creature in the one hole
cane
because it supports
deaver the sight with his own eyes
the monster is commonly called an ogopogo
what about 17 years ago and b the most incredible experience of my life
when I saw an animal unknown to science for the first time
in August of 89 the extraordinary event was repeated on that occasion
I think he saw two lake snakes less than 200 meters from the shore
story of having seen the arcs formed of their sinuous bodies
while crossing the lake
volley I think I saw an animal on that occasion later
unknown
what to say in this lake and that science has not yet ranked
hotel sissi a cesena there is a scientist who has tried to classify the
sightings of eyewitnesses like jonk the marine biologist and sbas filter
yes you can see a large aquatic animal that surfaces on the surface with
the branko horoscope plants with one behind the other not a few to be
a chestnut kangaroo
the chestnut kangaroo designed by basic males to the descriptions of hundreds of
witnesses is a huge reptile
a snake able to breathe underwater about 20 meters long equipped
of a head with an equine appearance and front fins that reaches 40 knots
of speed
for many scientists it is the result of the wildest imagination
according to doctor masquerade and instead a true sea serpent become
accidentally lacustrine monster
Romanians are native creatures of the sea migration rivers following i
they feed on salmon
ok on the columbia river some seventy anne frank were built several tg that
these hybrid animals arrived at maratea facebook today they live the ancient
- canaria
these are the animals that people view of the lake or canadian
john riding rides believes it has been wrong over the years hundreds
of reports of a reptile a snake whose length varies from 9 to
30 meters that swims an incredible speed
via corelli
maura a pair of skeptical special investigators for craft we rule
for dei giovi tel
is preparing to follow the traces of a little 'little
flying over the rogue god valley but they can't help but notice the shape
of the lake
that exists and recalls that of a snake
and this may not just be a coincidence
simoncell have many stories and in any case a big brother lake is deeper
great creed of loch ness asti
I suppose it makes little difference to many other free weights monsters are
different file manager documentation
there are several videos of a little little that deserve attention
this is the editorial director of the magazine
he is merit an experienced investigator are working on their latest book
a collection of evidence to demolish the myth of lake monsters scattered around the
world
are auchan again to try to put an end to the republic is one
great day
duel for you have to join croton